add PingFederate connector documentation (#2016)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/administer/key-managers/configure-pingfederate-connector.md

# Configure PingFederate as a Key Manager

> WSO2 API Manager supports multiple Key Managers. As a result, WSO2 API Manager is prepacked with an inbuilt resident Key Manager and with the use of connectors it is capable of supporting any authorization server as a Key Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 API Manager supports multiple Key Managers at the same time. As a result, WSO2 API Manager is prepacked with an inbuilt resident Key Manager, and with the use of connectors, it is capable of supporting any authorization server as a Key Manager.
```

> WSO2 API Manager supports multiple Key Managers. As a result, WSO2 API Manager is prepacked with an inbuilt resident Key Manager and with the use of connectors it is capable of supporting any authorization server as a Key Manager.

Reviewer 2: We have to mention that this OOTB support available only through wum (timestamp)

Author: this need to mention the wum timestamp

> Therefore, WSO2 API Manager can connect PingFederate out-of-the-box using the [WSO2 API-M PingFederate Connector](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/apim-km-pingfederate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a part of that, WSO2 API Manager can connect PingFederate out-of-the-box using the [WSO2 API-M PingFederate Connector](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/apim-km-pingfederate).
```

Follow the instructions given below to configure PingFederate as a third-party Key Manager. 

## Step 1 - Configure PingFederate

1. Sign in to the PingFederate Management Console.
     
    `https://localhost:9999/pingfederate/app`.

2. Click **OAuth Clients** and create a client with the following information in order to introspect the tokens.
     <table>
     <tr><td> CLIENT ID </td><td> apim-client </td></tr><tr>
     <td> ALLOWED GRANT TYPES </td><td> Access Token Validation (Client is a Resource Server) </td></tr>
     </table>

    [![PingFederate add client]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/pingfederate-client-create-1.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/pingfederate-client-create-1.png)
    [![PingFederate add client]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/pingfederate-client-create-2.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/pingfederate-client-create-2.png)

3. Generate and Store the CLIENT SECRET.

     [![Keycloak client secret]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/pingfederate-client-secret.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/pingfederate-client-secret.png)

> ## Step 2 - Configure Keycloak

Reviewer 2: Keycloak?

1. Import PingFederate certificate into the WSO2 API Manager truststore.

    - The default PingFederate keystore can found from `SSL Server Certificates` under `Certificate & Key Management`.

     [![SSL Server Certificate]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/ping-federate-ssl-certificate.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/ping-federate-ssl-certificate.png)

> 2. Export the certificate from SSL server certificates.

Reviewer: 2 and 3 should be sub-points if 1 right?

          </tr>
          <tr class="odd">
            <td>Out Of Band Provisioning</td>
            <td>This enables the provisioning of Auth clients that have been created without the use of the Developer Portal, such as previously created Auth clients.</td>
            <td>Optional</td>
          </tr>
          <tr class="even">
            <td>Oauth App Creation</td>
            <td>This enables the creation of Auth clients.</td>
            <td>Optional</td>
          </tr>
          <tr class="odd">
            <td><b>Token Validation Method</b></td>
            <td>The method used to validate the JWT signature.</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr class="even">
            <td>Self Validate JWT</td>
            <td>The kid value is used to validate the JWT token signature. If the kid value is not present, `gateway_certificate_alias` is used.</td>
            <td>Optional</td>
          </tr>
          <tr class="odd">
            <td>Use introspect</td>
            <td>The JWKS endpoint is used to validate the JWT token signature.
            If this option is used to validate the tokens it is mandatory to add a Token Handling Option.

>                 For the Okta it should be <b>JWT</b> and it is required to specify a claim mapping as a unique identifier.

Reviewer 3: Is it correct to mention Okta here when we are speaking about Ping Federate?

            </br>e.g.,; Claim Key : iss
            </br>Claim Value : https://localhost:9031 </td>
            <td>Optional</td>
          </tr>
          <tr class="even">
            <td><b>Token Handling Options</b></td>
            <td>Provides a way to validate the token for this particular authorization server.
            This is mandatory if the Token Validation Method is <b>introspect</b></td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr class="odd">
            <td>REFERENCE</td>
            <td>The tokens matching a specific regular expression (regEx) is validated.</td>
            <td>Optional</td>
          </tr>
          <tr class="even">
            <td>JWT</td>
            <td>The tokens matching a specific JWT is validated.</td>
            <td>Optional</td>
          </tr>
          <tr class="odd">
            <td>CUSTOM</td>
            <td>The token matching a custom pattern is validated.</td>
            <td>Optional</td>
          </tr>
          <tr class="even">
            <td><b>Claim Mappings</b></td>
            <td>Local and remote claim mapping.</td>
            <td>Optional</td>
          </tr>

>           </table>

Reviewer 3: How come we do not have a section on "generate keys using the PingFederate key manager" similar to what we have for okta [1], Auth0, keycloak etc.?

[1] https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/administer/key-managers/configure-okta-connector/#step-3-generate-keys-using-the-okta-key-manager

Author: fixed
